Index chapter clean up (#840)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/indexes/semantic-indexes/full-text-indexes.adoc

== Create full-text indexes

Full-text indexes are created with the `CREATE FULLTEXT INDEX` command.
It is recommended to to give the index a name when it is created.
If no name is given when created, a random name will be assigned to the full-text index.

The `CREATE FULLTEXT INDEX` command is optionally idempotent.
This mean that its default behavior is to throw an error if an attempt is made to create the same index twice.

> If `IF NOT EXISTS` is appended to the command, no error is thrown and nothing happens should an index with the same name or same schema and index type already exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `IF NOT EXISTS` is appended to the command, no error is thrown and nothing happens should an index with the same name or a full-text index on the same schema already exist.
```
maybe? since we are only talking about fulltext indexes here and not multiple index types

> It may still throw an error if conflicting constraints exist, such as constraints with the same name or schema and backing index type.

Reviewer: constraints can't be backed by fulltext indexes
```suggestion
It may still throw an error if conflicting constraints exist, such as constraints with the same name.
```
or maybe remove it fully 🤷

Author: Will remove.

As of Neo4j 5.16, the index name can also be given as a parameter, `CREATE FULLTEXT INDEX $name FOR ...`.

[TIP]
Creating a full-text index requires the link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/{page-version}/authentication-authorization/database-administration/#access-control-database-administration-index[`CREATE INDEX` privilege].

When creating a full-text index, you need to specify the labels/relationship types and property names it should apply to.

This statement creates a full-text index named `namesAndTeams` on each `name` and `team` property for nodes with the label `Employee` or `Manager`:

> .Create a full-text index on a node label and property combination

Reviewer: My original comment on this file was the link on line 72 being wrong, that doesn't seem to have been fixed
